DELETE	projects/{projectId}/users/{userId}
Removes the specified user from a project.

Note that the Authorization header token can be obtained either via a three-legged OAuth flow, or via a two-legged Oauth flow with user impersonation, for which the User-Id header is required.

Note that this endpoint is not compatible with BIM 360 projects.
Resource Information
Method and URI	
DELETE	https://developer.api.autodesk.com/construction/admin/v1/projects/:projectId/users/:userId
Authentication Context	
user context required
Required OAuth Scopes	
account:write
Data Format	
JSON
Request
Headers
Authorization*
string
Must be Bearer <token>, where <token> is obtained via a three-legged OAuth flow.
Region
string
Specifies the region where your request should be routed. If not set, the request is routed automatically, which may result in a slight increase in latency.
Possible values: US, EMEA. For a complete list of supported regions, see the Regions page.

User-Id
string
The ID of a user on whose behalf your request is acting.
Your app has access to all users specified by the administrator in the SaaS integrations UI. Provide this header value to identify the user to be affected by the request.

You can use either the user’s ACC ID (id), or their Autodesk ID (autodeskId).

Note that this header is required for Account Admin POST, PATCH, and DELETE endpoints if you want to use a 2-legged authentication context. This header is optional for Account Admin GET endpoints.

* Required
Request
URI Parameters
projectId
string: UUID
The ID of the project. This corresponds to project ID in the Data Management API. To convert a project ID in the Data Management API into a project ID in the ACC API you need to remove the “b." prefix. For example, a project ID of b.a4be0c34a-4ab7 translates to a project ID of a4be0c34a-4ab7.
userId
string
The ID of the user. To find the ID call GET users. You can use either the ACC ID (id) or the Autodesk ID (autodeskId).
Response
HTTP Status Code Summary
204
No Content
The request has succeeded, no content returned.
400
Bad Request
The request could not be understood by the server due to malformed syntax.
401
Unauthorized
Request has not been applied because it lacks valid authentication credentials for the target resource.
403
Forbidden
The server understood the request but refuses to authorize it.
404
Not Found
The resource could not be found.
410
Access to the target resource is no longer available.
415
The server refuses to accept the request because the payload format is in an unsupported format.
429
Too Many Requests
User has sent too many requests in a given amount of time.
500
Internal Server Error
An unexpected error occurred on the server.
503
Service Unavailable
Server is not ready to handle the request.
Response
Body Structure (204)
Response for 204 has no body.

Example
The request has succeeded, no content returned.

Request

curl -v 'https://developer.api.autodesk.com/construction/admin/v1/projects/367d5cc2-9008-462c-96e5-c9491db85d93/users/6cc15635-2fbd-4f73-afbe-abd833408a1d'  -X 'DELETE'  -H 'Authorization: Bearer AuIPTf4KYLTYGVnOHQ0cuolwCW2a'
